! TODO
Links - Terms of service, Questions to ask yourself, Bakery Sign Up Form, Shop Manager, add your payment information, create items, receive orders

You can use Frosting to quickly build an online shop where new and existing customers can buy custom cakes, cookies, and sweet treats from your bakery.  This guide will give you an overview of the process that we use to open your Frosting shop.

- **By the end of step 4:** Your online store will be set up.
- **By the end of step 7:** You will be ready to take orders.

<br>

> #### On this page:
> - [Before you start](#before-you-start)
> - [First Steps](#first-steps)
> - [](#)

<br>  

### Before you start

1. Consult a qualified professional on the legality of selling baked goods online in your city and state.  
2. Read and think over the *Questions to ask yourself* document. Having answers to these questions will make the entire process of opening and operating your store much easier.

While we would like for every bakery or home baker to join Frosting, we are required to comply with state and local laws that restrict selling baked goods online. By accepting our *Terms of Service* and activating your Frosting shop, you certify that you will follow your local laws and regulations.

### First steps

3. Tell us about your business by filling out the *Bakery Sign Up Form*. We will review the information and contact you directly to set up your Frosting shop.
4. Once your shop is set up, you will have access to the *Shop Manager* where you can add *payment information*, *create items*, and *receive orders*.
5. We will help you create a few different product listings. These will be your starting point for creating new listings.

### Launch your shop

6.  